lord
Dare to despise my Bushido spirit
So like me
I see how you explain to the mansion lord
Are you really not afraid that I will help the three countries go to war?
That's it.
What are the consequences?
I am the Chen family
Are you just kneeling like that?
How do you get married?
This envoy cannot be humiliated
You'll regret it later.
I will report to the owner of the building for an explanation
Then I'll give you an explanation
First, you are like me, and you are like my husband when you start a family
Those who dare to touch me will die
Second, you are here to Chaogong Building
How dare you dare to challenge the dignity of the Chen family
The following crimes will be committed against this
Third, your prom friend can
But challenge me to the majesty of Great Xia
Your flag is too arrogant
My Great Xia Emperor is vast and boundless
But never mention the word river
You have violated the taboo of the upper country
Be guilty
The last challenge is me, Ye Linheng, next
But change the name
Just call
Great Xia Yanwu
Exchange a big tone for the mystery of the great summer
Can you afford Big Chapel on the prairie?
I'm not consulting anyone.
My rules are rules